[Music]
was the night before life day
in a galaxy far far away looking good
tree food decorations coming together
heroes were
to celebrate the day please be okay
please be a cape
that's a wrap for ray adventure called
and she thought it would be fast wow but
there
she found a key to the galaxy's past
what are you doing this is so cool we've
seen my master yeah
my master's master concentrate my
master's father
impressive my master's father's master
dipper or palpatine
i don't believe it uh you think maybe
you could put a shirt on
it's a key to travel for space and time
i will change to the future so sure are
you
less talky talky more fighty fighting
races
oh so cute
you thinking what i'm thinking music
in time of joy this is ray a friendship
a family
who are you guys master skywalker my son
i mean my these binary sons
you want to shoot first after you
[Music]
bye